.\" Copyright (c) 200o Broadcom Corporation
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation.
.\"
.\" bnx2.4,v 0.5.0
.\"
.TH brcm_iscsiuio 8 "01/08/09" "Broadcom Corporation"
.\"
.\" NAME part
.\"
.SH NAME
brcm_iscsiuio \- Broadcom iSCSI UserSpace I/O driver
.\"
.\" SYNOPSIS part
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B brcm_iscsiuio
.RB [ --config --version --help ]
.PP
.\"
.\" DESCRIPTION part
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
brcm_iscsiuio is the UserSpace I/O driver for the Broadcom NetXtreme II
BCM5706/5708/5709 series PCI/PCI-X Gigabit Ethernet Network Interface Card
(NIC) and for the Broadcom NetXtreme II BCM57710/57711/570711E series
PCI-E 10 Gigabit Ethernet Network Interface Card.
The driver has been tested on 2.6.28 kernels and above.
.PP
Refer to the README.TXT from the driver package on how to
compile and install the driver.
.PP
Refer to various Linux documentations
on how to configure network protocol and address.
.\"
.\" DRIVER DEPENDENCIES part
.\"
.SH DRIVER DEPENDENCIES

.\"
.\" PARAMETER part
.\"
.SH PARAMETERS
There are very few parameters when running this application.
.TP
.BI -d
This is to enable debug mode where debug messages will be sent to stdout
.PP
.TP
.TP
.BI -f
This is to enable forground mode so that this application doesn't get sent
into the background.
.PP
.TP
.BI -v
This is to print the version.

.\"
.\" AUTHOR part
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Benjamin Li \- benli@broadcom.com
